It was a nice Saturday afternoon. You are at home with your twin brother Kyle and both of you are bored.
"There's nothing to do!",you complain. Your mother hears you and says, "What do you mean that there's nothing to do today?"
"It's the weekend, it's summer vacation, that's why there's nothing to do!",you reply.
"I have an idea for you! Why not go digging in the backyard to see what stuff you can find", your mother answers.
"That sounds interesting!", Kyle answers. You decide to go digging in your backyard.
You dig for hours. You might think that there is nothing to dig up.
Until you hear a clunk.
Your shovel hits a piece of metal. You think that you've found silver, but Kyle insists that you must dig deeper.
After more digging, you learn that what you're digging up is not just a piece of metal.
It is a mysterious-looking machine that looks like it came from the future. There is a door on the machine.
Curious to see what this machine is, you and Kyle enter the time machine.
When entering, all lights turn on and the machine starts its engine.
A voice says, "Welcome to your very own time machine!"
"Cool!", you both say.
On the time machine's cockpit, there are a lot of buttons. You eventually find the button that says "TIME TRAVEL".
You press it. A screen shows that the machine needs a year and a place.
"1989 in Berlin to witness the fall of the Berlin Wall", says Kyle.
You enter the exact request to the machine. Mechanical sounds start roaring across the room and BAM!
You are in the process of heading to Berlin in 1989.
While in the time machine, however, the voice says "MALFUNCTION ERROR!". The machine starts going crazy and eventually explodes.
You think you died. So did Kyle. Then, a spotlight appears and you see a Mechanic approach you.
"Hello there, kids!" says the Mechanic. "I see that you've have accidentally destroyed your time machine. I can help you fix it."
"Where are we?" asks Kyle. "You are in the Unknown Wormhole. This is where those who need time machine fixes go to." replied Mechanic.
"What do we need for you to fix our time machine?" you ask. "Well, because of the destruction of your machine, I think
that this needs 5 time pieces to repair." replied Mechanic. "Time pieces, by the way are used to power the machine so that
you can actually travel across time." "Where can we get these time pieces?" you ask. "They are scattered across different time periods."