It was a Saturday afternoon. You are looking forward for today. You have been building your secret contraption for many years, away from public view.
And today is the day when you finally test your contraption. This contraption is a world-first and you are the
only person in the world to achieve this.
YOU HAVE BUILT A TIME MACHINE.
You've always been wondering what the past was like and you even want to live it.

You approach your time machine that is covered in the garage. You remove the tarp. It looks just as you planned.
You step into your time machine. You approach the control panel and you enter a time period:
MEDIEVAL RENAISSANCE
You enter a location:
LONDON, ENGLAND
You press the button that says "TIME TRAVEL". "I did it!", you think to yourself "I am the first-ever time traveller!"
Suddenly, your time machine experiences turbulence. The turbulence gets more and more severe until BOOM!
Your time machine has exploded.

You think you've died but you realized that you have landed in a strange place.
People are everywhere, going about with their business. Old-fashioned houses surround you. The roads are unpaved and have people and horses.
YOU HAVE TRAVELLED BACK IN TIME!
A screen in the time machine reads, "WELCOME TO THE 14TH CENTURY!"
The time machine still works, but it is severely damaged and needs parts.
You hear a constant beep from the machine. The screen now reads, "PARTS NEEDED FOR PROPER FUNCTION."
The parts are scattered throughout three time periods: the past, present, and the future.
You look around. You see a magnificent castle over the horizon, so you assume that one time piece is there.
Your objective is to retrieve all damaged parts of the time machine to fix it
and to return back to your house on the exact location and date that you started off.

As you approach the castle, people start whispering to each other. They look suspicious and also angry.
When you step onto the entrance of the castle, guards arrest you and they bring you to the King's Room.
You then confront the King. You think that he'll spare you just because you are a time traveller, but you were wrong.
The King orders that you should be put in the castle's holding cell for disturbing the peace
(the door will be unlocked as they find you as a docile prisoner).
Your other objective is to escape this castle with your time piece in hand.


You are now in your time machine with the time piece. You attach the time piece to your time machine and your time machine reactivates.
All buttons turn on, the machine reinitialize, and its engine starts.
The screen turns on and you see a date:
DECEMBER 10TH, 2351.
You figure that your time piece is there so you decide to go to this time period. As you are doing it,
the guards are running over to your holding cell.
"He's running away!", one guard says.
As the guards go into the holding cell, you press the TIME TRAVEL button.
You disappear into the future.

You are now inside the starship Cthulu S-1 in the year 2351.
Humans have mastered intergalactic travel and many of them are travelling across space.
You look outside of your time machine. You are in a room. The time machine displays a map of the starship onto the screen.
You now know that you are stranded in the middle of space.
The screen says: "TIME PIECE IS ON THE TOP FLOOR"
You decide to go get your time piece. You step out of your time machine.


You re-attach the time piece to the clock.
The screen shows a time period:
MODERN DAY
Thinking that this is a way for going back home, you press the time travel button.
The time machine takes you to modern day.

Excited to go back home, you instantly step out of the time machine the moment you've arrived.
But, you don't see your house. Instead, you see someone else's house.
The time machine needs its wireless GPS which has landed in a safe in the house.
The front door is unlocked, so you're allowed in.
You figure that a random stranger's house is your next destination.
